pages/portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title : Portfolio 
permalink: 
subtitle: "My portfolio" 
# feature-img: "assets/img/pexels/about_background.jpg"
tags: [Archive]
---

# Fueling Timer

[FuelingTimer](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fueling-timer/id1453121223) is my most successful app on the iOS app store with over 2,000 users. It's a simple diet-timer app for people who follow the Optavia diet. Optavia requires you to eat 4 or 5 times a day, and sometimes it's hard to remember to eat at all those times, so I made an app that sends reminders throughout the day at specified intervals to help remind people.

![App Icon](../assets/img/posts/fuelingTimerImage.png)


# ClearBudget β

Clearbudget is a simple-intuitive budgeting app for everyone. Clearbudget brings all your finances together by linking your bank accounts directly to the app. It supports cross-device syncing as well, so you can keep track of your expenses anywhere. 

Clearbudget is built for regular people. It's not trying to sell you any cards or trying to get you to open a new bank account or invest in a new product. You've already got that part down. Clearbudget gives you the tools to get a clear picture of your financial situation, and then act on it.

Commit message:

Save Codable Dates Post, Update portfolio

pages/portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title : Portfolio 
permalink: 
subtitle: "My portfolio" 
# feature-img: "assets/img/pexels/about_background.jpg"
tags: [Archive]
---

# OpenBudget

OpenBudget is a budgeting app for regular people. I've been budgeting for years, and hated most budgeting app's UI's and controls. Each one I tried felt clanky and didn't feel like they cared about the user experience at all. So I set our to make OpenBudget a budgeting app that is simple, intuitive and easy to use.

Now OpenBudget is available on the App Store for free, and was recently featured on Indie App Santa. It's a budgeting app allowing users to categorize their money and save easier and better. 

# Fueling Timer

[FuelingTimer](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fueling-timer/id1453121223) has held a top 100 spot in Utilities on the iOS app store with over 2,000 monthly users. It's a simple diet-timer app for people who follow the Optavia diet. Optavia requires you to eat 4 or 5 times a day, and sometimes it's hard to remember to eat at all those times, so I made an app that sends reminders throughout the day at specified intervals to help remind people.

![App Icon](../assets/img/posts/fuelingTimerImage.png)
